README.md, before:

# Hey! I'm Samarth Ryan Edward  

Aspiring Software Engineer | B.Tech CSE @ SRMIST (2028) | Passionate about Problem-Solving | Learning and Creating

---

## About Me  
- Currently pursuing **B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering**  
- Strong foundation in **DSA, OOP, and Operating Systems**  
- Enjoy building real-world applications that combine creativity and logic  
- Music enthusiast
- Languages: English, Hindi  

---

## Tech Stack  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)  
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)  
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)  
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  

**Tools & Platforms:**  
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)  
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)  
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)  

---

## Projects  
### [MusAIc – AI Mood-based Music Player](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/MusAIc---Feel-the-Music-of-Your-Mood) 
- Real-time **facial emotion recognition app** (Python, OpenCV, Transformers)  
- Integrated with **Spotify API** for auto-generated playlists  
- Lightweight **desktop UI** with PyWebView  

### [Endie (Encryption-Decryption Tool)](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/endie)
- **Java-based GUI** for text encryption and decryption  
- Secure text transformation & cross-platform compatibility  

### [Indian Roulette(Number Guessing Game)](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/Indian-Roulette)
- Python-based CLI game with difficulty levels  
- **Feedback loop & attempt tracking** for an engaging experience

### [Bhandi](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/Bhandi)
- HTML, CSS, Javascript game inspired by flappy bird.
- Cool new features like power-up tokens and trippy music
- Play it [here](https://bhandi.vercel.app/)

---

## GitHub Stats  

![Samarth's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sammy-ryed&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)  

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sammy-ryed&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)  

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sammy-ryed&theme=tokyonight)  

---

## Courses  
- **Cybersecurity & Ethical Hacking (Udemy)** – Basics of penetration testing & secure coding  
- **Java Programming (NPTEL)** – Deepened OOP & Java fundamentals  

---

## Connect With Me  
- Email: [edwardsamarth@gmail.com](mailto:edwardsamarth@gmail.com)  
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/YOUR_LINKEDIN)  
- LeetCode: [sammy_ryed](https://leetcode.com/u/sammy_ryed/)
- CodeForces: [sammy_ryed](https://codeforces.com/profile/sammy_ryed)
- HackerRank: [@edwardsamarth](https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/edwardsamarth)

---

*"[Everything at once](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE9tV1WGTgE)"*

Commit message:

Add BurstTime Chronicles project to README
Added a new project section for BurstTime Chronicles, a CPU Scheduling Simulator.

README.md, after:

# Hey! I'm Samarth Ryan Edward  

Aspiring Software Engineer | B.Tech CSE @ SRMIST (2028) | Passionate about Problem-Solving | Learning and Creating

---

## About Me  
- Currently pursuing **B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering**  
- Strong foundation in **DSA, OOP, and Operating Systems**  
- Enjoy building real-world applications that combine creativity and logic  
- Music enthusiast
- Languages: English, Hindi  

---

## Tech Stack  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)  
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)  
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)  
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  

**Tools & Platforms:**  
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)  
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)  
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)  

---

## Projects  
### [MusAIc – AI Mood-based Music Player](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/MusAIc---Feel-the-Music-of-Your-Mood) 
- Real-time **facial emotion recognition app** (Python, OpenCV, Transformers)  
- Integrated with **Spotify API** for auto-generated playlists  
- Lightweight **desktop UI** with PyWebView  

### [Endie (Encryption-Decryption Tool)](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/endie)
- **Java-based GUI** for text encryption and decryption  
- Secure text transformation & cross-platform compatibility  

### [Indian Roulette(Number Guessing Game)](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/Indian-Roulette)
- Python-based CLI game with difficulty levels  
- **Feedback loop & attempt tracking** for an engaging experience

### [Bhandi](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/Bhandi)
- HTML, CSS, Javascript game inspired by flappy bird.
- Cool new features like power-up tokens and trippy music
- Play it [here](https://bhandi.vercel.app/)

### [BurstTime Chronicles](https://github.com/sammy-ryed/BurstTime-Chronicles)  
- A fun **CPU Scheduling Simulator** built with **Python (Tkinter + sv-ttk)**.  
- Visualizes **FCFS**, **SJF**, and **Round Robin** with sleek UI and dynamic process flow. 

---

## GitHub Stats  

![Samarth's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sammy-ryed&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)  

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sammy-ryed&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)  

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sammy-ryed&theme=tokyonight)  

---

## Courses  
- **Cybersecurity & Ethical Hacking (Udemy)** – Basics of penetration testing & secure coding  
- **Java Programming (NPTEL)** – Deepened OOP & Java fundamentals  

---

## Connect With Me  
- Email: [edwardsamarth@gmail.com](mailto:edwardsamarth@gmail.com)  
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/YOUR_LINKEDIN)  
- LeetCode: [sammy_ryed](https://leetcode.com/u/sammy_ryed/)
- CodeForces: [sammy_ryed](https://codeforces.com/profile/sammy_ryed)
- HackerRank: [@edwardsamarth](https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/edwardsamarth)

---

*"[Everything at once](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE9tV1WGTgE)"*
